This is my customized version of Tk::Text::SuperText, based on the official 
CPAN module by that name by Alex Becker 
(https://metacpan.org/pod/Tk::Text::SuperText) and 
(https://github.com/asb-capfan/Tk-Text-SuperText).

Reason for this custom version is that I had to fix some issues and add some 
features to work best with my "E_Editor" 
(https://github.com/wildstar84/E_Editor), along with numerous minor code and 
doc cleanups and optimizations that I have not been able to get Alex to 
implement; and I do not wish to fork this module to a new name under my CPAN 
control at this time.

To use this module, first install the latest official Tk::Text::SuperText 
version from CPAN (it includes some auto/Tk/foo required to use it), then:  

1) Rename the installed "SuperText.pm" file to something like SuperText.pm.org.

2) Download this version of "SuperText.pm" and replace the one you just renamed 
(backed up in case you decide to revert).

3) Create a symlink in the same directory to it called "ROSuperText.pm" which, 
if "use'd" in your Perl program creates a READONLY version of the text widget, 
ie "use Tk::Text::ROSuperText".  A READONLY version has most of the same 
features in SuperText, but prevents users from making any changes to the 
displayed text.  Module users can also do "use Tk::Text::SuperText", then in 
their program toggle to and from readonly by calling 
$textwidget->configure('-readonly' => 1); (or zero to make read/writable again.

Besides the "-readonly" features, the following changes were made for my 
custom version of this widget:

1) Added Tk::TextUndo's EmptyDocument() function which can clear the text even 
in "READONLY" mode from within a program (needed by E_Editor).

2) Make deleteSelected() function simply clear the selection (remove highlight) 
in READONLY mode.

3) Make pressing the <Return> key (enter() function) simply move the cursor to 
the beginning of the next line of text in READONLY mode.

4) Make pressing the <Backspace> key simply clear the selection and move the 
cursor to the previous character in READONLY mode.  Also made some further 
fixes to the way the <Backspace> key is bound & handled.

5) Don't auto-unbind wheelmouse button bindings by default (so that scrollwheels work on 
SuperText text widgets.

6) Add "-insertbackground" color option.

7) Make "-insertbackground" and "-foreground" color options also apply to all 
subwidgets.

8) Make dumping of a list of Term::ANSIColor tags sort in correct order (was 
returning them in reverse-order).

9) Remove sometimes extraneous empty tags generated from Term::ANSIColor.

10) Make moveLeftWord() fuction work consistantly with moveRightWord().

11) Make deleteToWordStart() function work consistantly with deleteToWordEnd().

Numerous code cleanups & optimization tweeks such as usage of /o optimizations 
on non-changing regices in loops or otherwise frequently used that the 
SuperText author doesn't like apparently, and elimination of needless scopes, 
if (cond) { stmt. } => stmt  if (cond), etc.

Numerous doc cleanups including reformatting to limit (where possible) POD 
text to 80 characters so that terminal-based "man" command will format 
correctly.

Enjoy a better (imho) version of Tk::Text::SuperText!
